CDDSO-503 Documentation mapping plugins (#468)
MetOffice/CDDS: docs/developer_documentation/mapping_plugins/mapping_plugin_framework.md

# Mapping Plugin Framework

## Overview

The mapping plugin framework was designed using an object-oriented approach. This framework allows you to customise and 

> extend MipConvert. Mapping plugins are loaded at runtime from a specific given path. A mapping plugin is a bundle that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extend MIP Convert. Mapping plugins are loaded at runtime from a specific given path. A mapping plugin is a construct that
```

## Mapping Plugin Structure
Like mentioned, a mapping plugin is a bundle that adds new functionality to MIP Convert. As a result MIp Convert can 
CMORise specific types of models.

A mapping plugin needs to provide all functionality to support these specific models. That especially includes information
about the mappings and processing functions for CMORisation the models.

The design of a plugin is illustrated in the below diagram:
![Plugin Overview](images/mapping-plugin-structure.png){ width="900" }

The red boxes represent classes, the blue one a singleton class and the yellow ones modules. The green one represent all 
mapping configuration files.

A mapping plugin is loaded by the mapping plugin loader and registered to the mapping plugin store. The mapping plugin 
is stored and cached during runtime. Each mapping plugin contains information about the supported model family. 

The processors module containing all processing function that are needed to CMORise the models with the given mapping
configurations. The processing functions are different for each model family.

The constants module provides all the constants that can be used in the mapping configuration files.

> The quality control modules contains the functionality how to check the data against min and max bounds.

Reviewer: Note that this is rarely used in practise
